wildlife guide Bernhard has spent the
morning combing the area where subber
saw elephants yesterday after hours
searching he's finally found them and
it's a rather special group bear leader
cinnamon is a 48 year old tuskless
female she's one of the oldest and most
experienced matriarchs in the reserve
she's tasklist but she's a very tough
maitreya we've seen the interaction
between this family and a fumble is me
metrics that do have tusks and long
tusks and she's quite tough she tries
them off cinnamon may be a toughy but
she has a soft heart when her sisters
were lost to poachers cinnamon took
their young calves under her wing but
cinnamons goodwill reaches well beyond
her own herd remarkably she even allows
unrelated orphans to tag along with her
family
what's more extraordinary is that she's
doing this at the toughest time of year
in the drought
Bernard's pleased to have found a group
that shows the guests how intelligent
and compassionate these animals are even
when the odds are stacked against them
elephants like cinnamon are finding ways
to help orphaned youngsters get back on
their feet and giving them a chance of a
future don't fall don't fall in contrast
to the Badlands samborose elephants
couldn't be more relaxed
a great experience it was amazing I
always look forward to these experiences
sometimes it happens sometimes it
doesn't but this was a very lucky day
you